# Sources
PPL-AMT contains the implementation of the AMT.

* src: Sources for the optimization. 
  * main: The implementation of the optimization algorithm.
    * java: Definition of the Abstract Mapping Tree and the generation of the debug mode
      * DataMovementGenerator: Implementation of the generator creating data movement and synchronization nodes.
      * Nodes: Definition of the AMT nodes.
      * Visitor: implementation of the visitor and extended shape visitor for the AMT.

PPL-FE contains the frontend definition of the Pattern DSL language.

* src: contains the source files
  * main: main source files
    * grammars: the grammar definition of the pattern DSL
    * java: additional functionalities for the language
      * _symbolTable: the definition of the symbol table and symbols of the Pattern DSl
      * AST2APTGenerator: the source files for generating the APT based on the AST
      * coco: the definition of the context conditions to specify the language
      * includeHandler: the sources for integrating included modules
      * printer: a set of classes generating e.g. character Strings from expression 
  * test: tests for the source files
    * Resources: the codes to be tested 
    * Java: definitions of the test cases
      * APTGenerator: Tests for the AST2APTGenerator class
      * CoCos: Tests for the context conditions
      * parser: Tests for the generated parser
      * lang: abstract definition for test cases

 
PPL-HL contains the parser for the hardware description in the JSON format.

* src: contains all source files
  * test: test suite for the JSON parser
  * main: main source files
    * java: Parser and keyword definitions for the JSON file
      * hardwareDescription: Interface implementation of the IRL hardware description interfaces


PPL-IR contains the definitions of the Internal-Representation.

* src: Sources for the IRL 
  * test: test for the IRL 
  * main: main source files
    * java: IRL data structure definitions
      * schedule: meta-information generated by the optimizer for code generation
      * expressions: IRL expression definition
      * hardwareDescription: Interface of the IRL hardware description
      * patternTree: the sources for generating the pattern tree (APT) from the AST
        * DataElements: definitions of different data items
          * DataAccess: definition of an data access
        * DataTrace: definition of the access trace of data elements
        * Nodes: definition of the nodes within the APT
        * Visitor: definition of the visitor pattern for traversing the APT
        * StructurePrinter: implementation of a printer to depict the generated APT


PPL-OPT contains the implementation of the optimization algorithms.

* src: Sources for the optimization. 
  * test: Benchmark test sequenz.
  * main: The implementation of the optimization algorithm.
    * java: Preprocessing of the APT to a flattened APT.
      * hypothesis: Definition of the assignment hypothesis.
      * schduling: Team to job assignment for each time step.
 

PPL-Tool contains the sources for the executable compiler.

* src: Implementation of the tool.
  * test: Testcases for the tool.
    * java: test implementation.
    * resources: Test case definitions.
	
	
PPL-2CPP contains the sources for the cpp code generator.

* src: Implementation of the tool.
  * main: Testcases for the tool.
    * generator: Implementation of the generator.
    * template: Definition of the Freemarker templates.
